Update signed-ssh-certificates.mdx (#17746)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/ssh/signed-ssh-certificates.mdx

    ```

    Regardless of whether it is generated or uploaded, the client signer public

>     key is accessible via the API at the `/public_key` endpoint or the CLI (see below).

Reviewer: What about:

```suggestion
    key is accessible via the API at the `/public_key` endpoint or the CLI (see next step).
```

I was confused what was meant by below until I read more closely :-)
